He is the best political thinker in INDIA .
still  our people of AP sell their votes for free bees and Caste.

 NO one votes Loksabha.
 
 Post-independence the myopic goals of many politicians starting with Nehru have disemboweled the Indian character leading many brilliant Indians to emigrate to foreign lands and contribute in places other than their mAtrubhUmI (motherland). 
 
 Well Dressed and Well prepared speech. J.P Sir. you are an Indian Youtube Politician and 90% of people who support you are abroad and dont vote and people who vote cant understand what you speak.JP Sir is good at..gathering info and preparing and practicing speeches and presenting on occassions.Politicians should be practical and should Lead. Comman man should understand what he is talking about. Which unfortunately JP sir does not suit. He better suits as an analyst/ critic or a journo.
 
 I like his word a functioning democracy. in Pakistan we have so called democracy but its not function. this Indain guy has very rightly pointed
Naredra modi,APJ Abdul kalam,Pratibha Patil Rajendra Prasad,Chief Justice,manmohan,RTI,sonia gandhi,rahul gandhi, Pt. Jawaharlal Nehru,B. R. Ambedkar,Atal Behari Vajpayee,Lal Bahadur Shastri,Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, Subhash Chandra Bose,Indira Gandhi,Dr. Rajendra Prasad,APJ Abdul Kalam,Dadabhai Naoroji,Jyoti Basu,Shashi Tharoor,E M Sankaran Namboodiripad,N.T.Rama Rao,M. G. Ramachandran,Sonia Gandhi,Rajiv Gandhi,Manmohan Singh,Zakir Hussain,P. V. Narasimha Rao,Morarji Desai,Sunil Dutt,Narendra Modi,Jairam Ramesh,Jayaprakash Narayan,Nitish Kumar,country.

He is so talented and good speaker at Parliament.

Since India’s Lok Sabha election results, news outlets have been debating why Congress lost so heavily to the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) last Friday.
Some have suggested Narendra Modi’s focus on the economy was a decisive factor in his success, while others have argued that Modi’s emphasis on infrastructure development was a key reason. 
However, it is unanimously agreed upon that it was Modi’s combination of technologies – big data analytics and social media (see twitter graphs below) – that separated him from other candidates like Rahul Gandhi and was crucial to his victory.
Whereas the latter has garnered considerable media attention, the former has remained somewhat unexplained as a factor in Modi’s success.
What makes Modi’s use of big data so impressive is that it was both relatively new to Indian politics, and wrought with unique challenges. Take, for example, the size of the Indian electorate.
 Indian Politics refers to the activities of the political parties associated with the governance of India as a country.
 
 A Politician is person who is professionally involved in politics. Usually, he has good influence over the general people.
 
 It is often said that politics is the art and technique of government. Every idea contains an intention, similarly political idea also contains intention for implementation, but recently people observe negative sense.
 
 Mahatma Gandhi stated regarding the place of ethics in politics. He told that politics without ethics and principles were not desirable.
 
 The principles are the moral principles. According to his philosophy political, life should be governed by truth, morality and self-purification. 
 Gandhiji’s politics were bound up with truth and non-violence.
 He also prescribed that country should concern with the morals of her leaders.
 Devotion to truth was drawn by him to half corruption. He had no intention to indulge the religious matter. He interpreted that religious matter is a death-trap because it kills the soul.
 He also expressed that “For me there is no politics without religion, not the religion of the superstitions or the blind religion that hates and fights, but the universal religion of toleration”.
 The role of the Politicians is to deal with national issues and are driving the country in full gear.
 It is the duty of the Politicians to check Corruption, nepotism, crisis in politics and ethnic problems. They should work to bring communal harmony.
 
 They should exercise wisdom in every work of national politics. They should practice ethical culture. The political parties should try to build confidence of political wisdom by their good work.People expect good qualities in a politician. They expect them to be trustworthy.

They should come forward to check and stop unlawful activities.

People go to vote but they have unpopular leaders of popular parties. Only symbols are elected not politicians. Actually, scenario shows that people are being disappointed by our political leaders. They are always eroding the very essence of democracy. They are devaluing public-moral.

Money also plays a dominant role in the Indian politics, especially during election. Vote is purchased by the party men. Ambitions, influential people impact on every country’s political set up.



Finally, it can be admitted to all that politicians should be free from vitiated politics.

They should possess constructive view in respect of welfare of mass.

They would always try to eradicate the corruption from the national life by root and branch and at the same time they can reach to their honest goal by hearkening to the inconveniences of the public.

Society can find emancipation of deep-rooted troubles of their own by following their constructive uttering’s.
 
 